MODULE 2.A
1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
What Do Heartbroken Americans Crave?
What is the most consumed breakup food?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
02/28/2025 had the highest peak recorded in the line chart with 100 as the peak.

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
11/30/2024 had the lowest dip recorded with a number of 65.

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip? 
April 30, 2024 had the highest peak of 100. November 30, 2024 had the lowest dip of 72.

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
The line for Milkshake decreased. The high of Milkshake is 36 at February 28, 2024. The lowest dip of Milkshake is 23 at November 30, 2024.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
There's more people searching for Hamburgers rather than Milkshakes.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger? 
Yes, the relationship I notice between Breakup and Hamburger is that they dip and peak generally together at similar times.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake? 
The relationship between Breakup and Milkshake is mostly Milkshake being a straight line while Breakup is having peaks and dips.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article? It suggests that the conclusion isn't reliable because the article is assuming search popularity equals emotional preference.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
The top state by interest for Milkshake is North Carolina.

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
The top state by interest for Hamburger is South Dakota.

9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv
